hi this is fresh Hawker in this video
we're going to pose to classic puzzlers
about drawing lines in the first problem
there are nine dots and you need to
connect all of the dots without lifting
your pen you also need to do this with
at most four straight lines and you
cannot retrace any of the lines in the
second puzzle we have six different
boxes labeled a B and C the problem is
to connect all of the boxes that have
the same letter with lines and the lines
cannot intersect and you have to stay
inside of the big box I hope you like
this video you can click through for the
solution or there's a link in the video
description please subscribe to my
channel you can support me on patreon
catch me on my blog mind your decisions
on Twitter at pressure Locker and you
can get my books listed on my website